PRIMERA PÁGINA:
Title section:
MISHKA ADAMS – puede ser un poco más grande?
Chapters: BIO – DISCOGRAPHY – WORKSHOPS AND CLASSES – VIDEOS – LIVE SHOWS - CONTACT
Singer – multi instrumentalist – ensemble leader – voice coach – percussion for singers
Botón: 1:1 lessons / Percussion for Singers workshops

RESEÑA:
Antes de la sección bio, pondría una cita ya. Tal vez esta:

"Refreshingly unpretentious and just plain talented" Time Out London

Bio section: (edité el texto)
Mishka Adams is a Filipino-British singer, multi-instrumentalist, vocal arranger and vocal ensemble director, currently based in Buenos Aires, Argentina. She participates in diverse projects rooted in the rhythms and styles of Latin America. She also performs as a soloist and singer-songwriter, with influences from her roots in jazz and folk. She was awarded “Best New Female Recording Artist” at the Awit Awards in Manila. To date, she has recorded 9 albums, with a new album and an EP currently in the works.

COLLABORATIONS:
Mishka Adams & Beto Caletti
Canciones Migrantes
Cantoras del Sur
Mujererío Voces y Cuerpo
Stories to Tell (with Pete Churchill)

Sacar esto:
An artistic vision bridging the freedom of jazz, South American polyphonic traditions, and a lifelong dedication to vocal pedagogy.

Reemplazar con esto (el comienzo de la bio):
I was born in the Philippines to a Filipina sculptor and an English businessman and occasional poet). Thanks to my mother’s art, I grew up surrounded by the bohemian community in Manila. In my family home there were many gatherings that lasted late into the night, and in the early hours of the morning a guitar always appeared. My mother taught me the songs she had sung with her late sister in the sixties - Joni Mitchell, James Taylor, Crosby Stills & Nash – and she taught me the first song I ever played on the guitar, The Circle Game by Joni Mitchell. We would sing together in two-part harmony. At the family gatherings at my uncle’s house, a piano player would come and we would sing late into the night. One uncle sang Elvis, another Frank Sinatra, and my favourite uncle played alto flute and sang songs by Jobim – that was my first connection with Brazilian music. My oldest uncle, the head of the family had a list of beloved songs that he always wanted me to sing, and wouldn’t let me go home until I did so. His all-time favourite for me was Cry me a River by Arthur Hamilton.
At this point I went to study in the UK where I tried loads of different instruments, guitar, piano, drums, and eventually discovered the tenor saxophone, due to my love of jazz that had been born in my uncle’s family dinners. I was not well versed in music theory but I could read music, I played in the orchestra and eventually started singing in the jazz band – when I sang in public for the first time at 14 my knees trembled so badly that I had to go barefoot.
At 18 I was determined to stay in Manila and was a full-time jazz singer by the age of 19. I had the great fortune of being invited to sing in a concert when the great British saxophonist Courtney Pine came over on tour and the CEO of Candid Records wife was sitting in the audience. Shortly after I signed a four-album recording contract - I recorded jazz standards and original songs, and did my first arrangements. 
Four years later I felt I no longer belonged there and moved permanently to London to I study a jazz masters at the Guildhall School of Music and live a musician’s life. There I met one of my wonderful professors and now close friend Pete Churchill. After I graduated we co-founded the London Vocal Project, a wonderful jazz/contemporary choir, and also recorded an album of his beautiful songs together, once my album deal with Candid Records came to an amicable close. During my time in London I played in lots of different amazing projects both as a lead singer, choir member and side woman on backing vocals and percussion.
I deepened my love for Brazilian music on joining a great samba group called Rhythms of the City – I joined first as a percussionist and later on became one of the singers – I played with them for five or six years and we toured all over the UK and some of Europe. I travelled to Brazil, learned Portuguese, and lived in Berlin for a short time. I travelled all over the world in the middle of it all, to amazing places with wonderful people. Towards the end of my time living in London, my great friend, bandmate, and teacher Guillermo Rozenthuler, introduced me to Argentinian music for the first time, and played me the music of his longtime friend Beto Caletti. One thing led to another, Beto and I met, played music, and fell in love. And here I am in Buenos Aires, where my daughter was born, feeling like I finally found my place in the world. Beto and I toured all over the world as a musical duo. This wonderful country and its amazing people have opened so many doors and I am lucky enough to be able to play with some incredible musicians. 

Discography section: (edité texto)

Sacaría el subtitulo que dice esto: 
9 recorded albums across London and Buenos Aires, exploring vocal jazz, bossa nova and rich South American polyphony.
Y dejaría espacio nomás, me parece que no hace falta escribir nada..

En el grid, cuando aparecen las fotos de los discos, pondría tal vez solo el año, y si vez que hace falta, se puede poner el título del disco también. Los textitos que te mandé en el otro documento supongo que irán cuando hagan click en la flechita.

Workshops and Classes section:

El mini titulo arriba de “Workshops & Classes”, lo cambiaría a esto:
1:1 lessons, percussion for singers & vocal ensembles

Y el subtitulo abajo de “Workshops & Classes”, lo sacaría.

Los rectángulos para cada cosa cambiaría los subitulos:

Percussion for Singers
Group workshops and 1:1 sessions where we’ll work on groove and time and learn a variety of different rhythms. I’ll share some percussion basics and help you to incorporate percussion into your repertoire.

1:1 Private Voice Lessons
Bespoke one to one lessons tailored to your specific needs and interests. We can work on vocal technique, rhythm and time, interpretation and repertoire, and everything in between.

Vocal Ensembles
Ensamble Rayuela and Agronomía Canta: two vocal ensembles that meet weekly in Buenos Aires. The repertoire includes a wide variety of styles and languages, with arrangements written specifically for each group. We also do concerts and encounters with other vocal groups.







RESEÑA 2:
La cita acá, (bringing together argentinian and Brazilian music… etc….) reemplazaría con esta:

“She is a songwriter’s dream – a great understanding of text, and, quite simply, one of the most beautiful voices I’ve ever heard” 
(Pete Churchill, Professor of Jazz at the Royal Academy of Music, London

Workshops and Classes section:
Cambiaría título y subtitulo

Videos 
Live concerts, solo project and collaborations

Sacaría los subtitlos debajo de cada video, dejaría las imagenes nomás en El carrusel.

PÁGINA CLASSES Y TALLERES:

Sobre la foto, pondría
CLASSES & WORKSHOPS

Titulo: CLASSES & WORKSHOPS (online and in person)
Subtitulo:
Percussion for singers workshops, bespoke 1:1 voice lessons and vocal mentorship for singers and musicians, vocal ensembles

Sección PERCUSSION FOR SINGERS:

Sacaría esto: Connecting to groove, pulse, and body percussion as the foundation for expressive singing, instrumental independence, and holistic musicianship.

Y pondría:
Learn basic percussion, different rhythms and grooves, and how to incorporate percussion into your repertoire.
Abajo, en la próxima parte, antes de los bullet points, edité el texto:

I’ve always been passionate and curious about percussion and feel that rhythm and groove are essential to singing, whether we play a percussive instrument or not, and I feel that often these elements of our musicianship and training as singers are left out of classes. They unify us with the music and the musicians we are playing with; they are part of what makes a singer a musician. In my solo project and in the groups I am in, I play a lot of percussion while I sing and I really enjoy it. I love sharing what I’ve learned along the way with people, whether it be teaching specific styles within their cultural context, or teaching hand percussion basics so singers can learn to accompany themselves in their own repertoire.

What we’ll explore:
• Learning and playing a variety of grooves and styles
• Moving in time while singing and playing
• Understanding and feeling different types of "swing" and rhythmic subdivisions
• Making the most of handheld percussion (and household objects!) to accompany your songs
• Trying out songs from your own repertoire within the group


Sección voice lessons 1:1

Cómo titulo pondría:
Voice Lessons

Subtitulo:
Bespoke 1:1 lessons and mentorship for all levels (beginner to professional)

Texto: No two journeys are the same for any singer, we all have specific needs and interests, different goals and different abilities. I work with singers of all levels, from helping beginners find their voice, to musicians who want to start singing, or professional singers looking for coaching and accompaniment in their career. In the classes, what we’ll work on can include any or all of these things, depending on what you need and what you’re looking for:
Vocal technique 
Body work 
Rhythm and groove in the voice and body
Repertoire
Interpretation and Expression
Mentorship for album and video recordings

Sección VOCAL ENSEMBLES:
In-Person in Buenos Aires
Vocal Ensembles
Ensamble Rayuela & Agronomía Canta
Two female vocal ensembles in Agronomía, Buenos Aires, singing a varied repertoire with custom vocal arrangements.
Something else that I absolutely love doing is leading vocal groups and writing arrangements for them. I currently run two female vocal ensembles from my home in Agronomía, Buenos Aires – Ensamble Rayuela (Intermediate/advanced) and Agronomía Canta (beginner/intermediate). Both ensembles sing a wide variety of styles and in different languages, with arrangements tailor-made for each group. The repertoire includes Brazilian music, Argentinian folklore, gospel, folk, Uruguayan candombe, Eastern European folk songs and much more. There is a strong sense of community in each ensemble and the bonds formed between the members are as important as the music they make together. The ensembles regularly join together for concerts and also come together with other groups to sing together and share songs and performances. 
Ensemble features:
✦Tailor-made vocal arrangements written for each ensemble
✦Rich repertoire: Brazilian, Argentine folklore, candombe, Eastern European folk, gospel, African songs
✦Vocal blending, group dynamics and ear training
✦Regular concerts and community gatherings 